Now that we learned how we can gain access
to our target, let's see what we can do with
that target.
So in this section, we're going to learn
a number of things that we can do
after we gain access to the computer.
Now regardless of the way that you gain
the access to that computer,
whether you use the server side exploit,
whether you used social engineering,
if you used the backdoor, if you used a problem
with a certain application, we're gonna assume
that you gained your access to that computer
and we'll see what you can do after that access.
In the previous videos,
I used to stop once I actually get something like
this. So once I get an interpreter session,
then I stop and I go to the next lecture.
In this lecture and the next few lectures,
we're actually going to start by having
an interpreter session.
So we're not going to talk about how we
gained our access.
We're gonna talk about the things that
we can do after we gained our access.
So we're going to talk about really
cool things. We're gonna see how you could
maintain your access on the target computer.
So if the target computer, or the target person,
uninstalls the vulnerable program or if they
restart their program, their computer,
you'll still have access to that computer.
We'll see how you could download, upload,
read files, open the web cam,
start the key loggers. So you'll be able to
register any key strikes that the person does.
We'll also see how we can use the target computer
as a pivot to exploit all the other
computers on the same network.
So, say for example your target wasn't actually
the person or computer that you hacked, but you
can use the computer that you hacked
in order to hack your target computer if they
were on the same network, for example.
So again all of the attacks, all of the things
that we're gonna do in this section of the
course is the Post Exploitation section.
So anything that you can do after you exploited
your vulnerability and gained access to the
target computer.